# Fortnox React App Template.

This repo should be used when starting a new project. This will be kept up to date so that it
points to the correct version of React that we currently support, in addition to this it comes
with a predefined workflow using webpack, eslint, babel.

Should something be missing from said documentation please feel free to add it.
If you have ideas for improvements to improve the workflow in React based projects
please shoot an email to alexander.bonnevier@fortnox.se

#### Running the devserver on localhost

* Install necessary node modules by: <code>npm install</code>
* Run the devserver in terminal using: <code>npm run dev</code>
* Navigate to https://localhost:9090/

<b>Proxy</b>: By default there is a builtin proxy in webpack that
will be active when running the devserver. This will let you login by navigating to https://localhost:9090/fs/fs/login.php - after this you have to manually navigate back to https://localhost:9090 from F3 to get back to your app. From here on you can make any backend api request to https://localhost:9090/api/x and the alfa server will respond. You can change these routes in /webpack/proxydef.js if you need to setup a route for localhost etc.

#### Running the production build

* Install necessary node modules by: <code>npm install</code>
* Build + minify by running <code>npm run prod</code>

#### Language support

* Language files are located in /i18n/ , each time you run either the
devserver or production build gettext strings will be extracted to the translations.pot file. There is a chapter in the frontend documentation about translations/language.

Remember to build the production/dev using the correct locale. If your tenant has english for example, then you must build using npm run dev-en otherwise
the script file for swedish will be generated by default and an error will occur.

#### Don't forget to remove the .git/ folder!

* Remember to remove the ".git" folder in this repo when cloning it. You dont want
to commit to the template project, instead you want to commit in your new project/repo.

#### Framework dependency

A word of caution. This repository points to a specific version of the framework, #develop. Since you want to lock this down to a specific version look what tags are available and pick the latest one.


Here is a list of available versions:
http://stash.fortnox.local/plugins/servlet/view-tags?repo=fortnox-frontend&projKey=FNX


#### Update this readme
After cloning this project dont forget to update this readme to reflect your own project.


Thanks
